Updated the page/docs of the Yoto Integration (#46460)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/yoto.markdown

- Yoto players cannot be powered on or off from Home Assistant.
- Starting playback of a specific card from Home Assistant is not supported yet. You can control playback that is already running on the player, but you cannot tell the player which card to play.

> ## Development / Testing with your own client ID

Reviewer: This needs to be collapsed, see for example how we do this on our google pages.

../Frenck  

<p>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/frenck/"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/linkedin.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://youtube.com/@frenck"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/youtube.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/frenck.social"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/bluesky.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://fosstodon.org/@frenck"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/mastodon.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/frenck/"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/instagram.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.threads.net/@frenck"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/threads.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.facebook.com/frenck.dev/"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/facebook.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://x.com/frenck"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/x.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.tiktok.com/@frenck.nl"><img src="https://github.com/frenck/frenck/raw/main/images/tiktok.svg" width="18" height="18"></a>
</p>

Blogging my personal ramblings at <a href="https://frenck.dev">frenck.dev</a>

Author: Good idea

- Yoto players cannot be powered on or off from Home Assistant.
- Starting playback of a specific card from Home Assistant is not supported yet. You can control playback that is already running on the player, but you cannot tell the player which card to play.

{% details "Development / Testing with your own client ID" icon="mdi:account-key" %}

Only follow these steps if you need to use your own OAuth application, like when you are developing or testing the integration.

> To enable the Yoto integration with your own development credentials, create a **Confidential Client** application in the [Yoto developer dashboard](https://dashboard.yoto.dev/) with the following settings:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Development and testing with your own client ID

Only follow these steps if you need to use your own OAuth application, like when you are developing or testing the integration.

{% details "Set up your own client ID" icon="mdi:account-key" %}

To set up the integration with your own development credentials, create a **Confidential Client** application in the [Yoto developer dashboard](https://dashboard.yoto.dev/) with the following settings:
```
